DOCS-858: Add crop to transform camera (#1416)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/components/camera/transform.md

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab name="Crop" %}}

The Crop transform crops takes an image and crops it to a rectangular area specified by two points: `(x_min, y_min)` and `(x_max, y_max)`.

```json {class="line-numbers linkable-line-numbers"}
{
    "type": "crop",
    "attributes": {
        "x_min_px": int,
        "y_min_px": int,
        "x_max_px": int,
        "y_max_px": int
    }
}

```

**Attributes:**

- `x_min_px`: The x coordinate of the first point that specifies the rectangular area to crop the image to.
- `y_min_px`: The y coordinate of the first point that specifies the rectangular area to crop the image to.
- `x_max_px`: The x coordinate of the second point that specifies the rectangular area to crop the image to.

> - `y_max_px`: The y coordinate of the second point that specifies the rectangular area to crop the image to.

Reviewer: [optional] If it's clearer, the first point is the "top left" point of the cropping rectangle, and the second point would be the "bottom right" point of the cropping rectangle.

Author: Thank you - I was gonna ask that. I tried to test it and then realized it's not merged yet - so I'll chagne that and then just let me know when it's good to go :)

> - `x_min_px`: The x coordinate of the first point that specifies the rectangular area to crop the image to.
> - `y_min_px`: The y coordinate of the first point that specifies the rectangular area to crop the image to.
> - `x_max_px`: The x coordinate of the second point that specifies the rectangular area to crop the image to.
> - `y_max_px`: The y coordinate of the second point that specifies the rectangular area to crop the image to.

Author: ```suggestion
- `x_min_px`: The x coordinate of the top left point of the rectangular area to crop the image to.
- `y_min_px`: The y coordinate of the top left point of the rectangular area to crop the image to.
- `x_max_px`: The x coordinate of the bottom right point of the rectangular area to crop the image to.
- `y_max_px`: The y coordinate of the bottom right point of the rectangular area to crop the image to.
```
